c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\HuffmanHenryAssn4.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\Java.Interop.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\Microsoft.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.Android.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\mscorlib.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Core.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.Compression.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.Linq.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\Mono.CSharp.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ServiceModel.Internals.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.IO.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Numerics.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.XmlDocument.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.XDocument.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Globalization.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ComponentModel.TypeConverter.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Linq.Expressions.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Runtime.Serialization.Formatters.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.ObjectModel.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.Encoding.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
c:\users\hwnry-laptop\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HuffmanHenryAssn4\HuffmanHenryAssn4\obj\Debug\android\assets\System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
